docs: add set up and test instructions along with initial Cursor Rules (#56)
MercuryTechnologies/openai: README.md

This project uses Nix with flakes for development environment setup.

1. Ensure you have Nix with flakes enabled
2. Copy the sample environment file and configure your OpenAI API key:

```bash
# Copy the sample environment file
cp .envrc.sample .envrc
```

3. Edit the `.envrc` file and replace the placeholder API key with your actual key

4. Use direnv to automatically load the development environment:

```bash
# Install direnv if you haven't already
# macOS: brew install direnv
# Linux: your-package-manager install direnv

# Enable direnv hook in your shell
eval "$(direnv hook bash)" # or zsh, fish, etc.

# Clone the repository and enter the directory
git clone https://github.com/MercuryTechnologies/openai.git
cd openai

# Allow direnv (this will automatically load the environment)
direnv allow
```

### Manual Setup

Without Nix:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/MercuryTechnologies/openai.git
cd openai

# Build with cabal
cabal build
```

## Environment Variables

Set your OpenAI API key as an environment variable:

```bash
# Option 1: Set directly in your shell
export OPENAI_KEY="your-openai-api-key"

# Option 2: Using .envrc with direnv (recommended)

> cp .envrc.sample .envrc

Reviewer: You don't want the OpenAI key to be world-readable:

```suggestion
(umask 077; cp .envrc.sample .envrc)
```

# Edit .envrc to add your API key
direnv allow
```

> The API key is needed for all operations with the OpenAI API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API key is needed for running the test suite and example program.
```
